minimum								n.最低限度adj.最少的
raise				vt.举起，提高，提出，抚养大n.加薪
amateur								n.业余爱好者
prior						adj.在先的，优先的
sheer						adj.十足的，完全的，陡峭的，轻薄的adv.陡峭的
measure						n.计量制，标准量，措施，评价，vt.测量vi.测量
engaging		adj.有吸引力的
convert							vt.转变，<数学>换算vi.转变
tremendous					adj.极大的，强烈的，极好的
bunch								n.束，一群人，发辫，vt.把...扎成捆
pictorial		adj.有插图的，绘画的，形象化的n.画报
enlist		vt.参军，谋求(帮助)vi.参军
stuff						n.东西，私人物品，事儿，作品，要素vt.装满
rumor					n.谣言
trigger						n.板机
agency					n.代理机构，介入，<地理>作用
packed	adj.满的，收拾好行李的
resign						vi.辞职vt.辞职
guarantee						n.保修单，保证vt.保证
coordinate					n.坐标，vt.协调
terminology		n.术语
inaugurate				vt.为...举办开幕式，使...就职，开创
composer		n.作曲家
trade				n.贸易，生意，行业，交换vi.生意，交换vt.生意，交换
empower		vt.授权，增加...的自主权
injurious		adj.造成伤害的，不公正的
confine					vt.禁闭，限制n.限制
faction		n.派别
lapse					n.小错，行为失检，时间间隔vi.背弃(降低)，衰退
enact		vt.扮演，举行，实施，(法律)通过

If you say that something is a particular amount minimum, you mean that this is the smallest amount it should be or could possibly be, although a larger amount is acceptable or very possible. 至少
Minimum is also a noun. 很小量
You use minimum to state how small an amount is. 很小的
Minimum is also a noun. 最小量; 最低限度
You use minimum to describe an amount which is the smallest that is possible, allowed, or required. 最小量的; 最低限度的
minimum |英 ['mɪnɪməm]  美 ['mɪnɪməm]| n. 最小值；最低限度；最小化；最小量/adj. 最小的；最低的/
You're talking over a thousand dollars minimum for one course.你们在讨论一门课程至少一千美元。
With a minimum of fuss, she produced the grandson he had so desperately wished for.她不声不响地生出了他翘首以待的孙子。
The basic needs of life are available with minimum effort.生活的基本需求花很小的力气就能得到。
This will take a minimum of one hour.这最少要用一个小时。
He was only five feet nine, the minimum height for a policeman.他只有5.9英尺高，这是警察身高要求的底线。


If an event raises a particular emotion or question, it makes people feel the emotion or consider the question. 唤起; 引发
If a person or company raises money that they need, they manage to get it, for example by selling their property or by borrowing. 筹措 (资金)
If you raise money for a charity or an institution, you ask people for money which you collect on its behalf. 筹募 (资金)
If you raise your voice, you speak more loudly, usually because you are angry. (常指因生气) 提高 (嗓门)
To raise the standard of something means to improve it. 提高 (水平)
If you raise the rate or level of something, you increase it. 增加
If you raise yourself, you lift your body so that you are standing up straight, or so that you are no longer lying flat. 站立; 起身
If you raise a flag, you display it by moving it up a pole or into a high place where it can be seen. 升起
If you raise something, you move it so that it is in a higher position. 举起
raise |英 [reɪz]  美 [rez]| vt. 提高；筹集；养育；升起/vi. 上升/n. 高地；上升；加薪/n. (Raise)人名；(英)雷兹/
He raises 2,000 acres of wheat and hay.他种植了2000英亩的小麦和饲料用草。
My mother was an amazing woman. She raised four of us kids virtually singlehandedly.我母亲是个了不起的女人。她几乎是独自抚养大了我们4个孩子。
He had been consulted and had raised no objections.他已经被征询意见，并没有提出异议。
The agreement has raised hopes that the war may end soon.合约唤起了战争也许很快会结束的希望。
They raised the money to buy the house and two hundred acres of land.他们筹措了资金来购买房子和200英亩土地。
...events held to raise money for flood victims.…为水患灾民募捐而举行的活动。
Don't you raise your voice to me!别对我高声大气！
...a new drive to raise standards of literacy in New York's schools.…一场提高纽约各学校文化程度的新运动。
The Federal Reserve Board is expected to raise interest rates.联邦储备委员会预计将增加利率。
He raised himself into a sitting position.他起身坐了起来。
They had raised the white flag in surrender.他们已经升起白旗投降。
Milton raised the glass to his lips.米尔顿举起杯子放到嘴唇边。
He raised his hand to wave.他举起手来挥动。


Amateur sports or activities are done by people as a hobby and not as a job. 业余的
An amateur is someone who does something as a hobby and not as a job. 业余爱好者
amateur |英 [ˈæmətə(r)]  美 [ˈæmətər]| n. 爱好者；业余爱好者；外行/adj. 业余的；外行的/
...professional athletes and amateur runners.…专业运动员和业余赛跑运动员。
Jerry is an amateur who dances because he feels like it.杰瑞是一位业余舞蹈爱好者，他跳舞因为他喜欢跳。


If something happens prior to a particular time or event, it happens before that time or event. 在 (某时间或事件) 之前
A prior claim or duty is more important than other claims or duties and needs to be dealt with first. 优先的
You use prior to indicate that something has already happened, or must happen, before another event takes place. 事先的
prior |英 ['praɪə]  美 ['praɪɚ]| adj. 优先的；在先的，在前的/adv. 在前，居先/n. (Prior)人名；(法、西、葡、捷)普里奥尔；(英)普赖尔；(意)普廖尔/
A death prior to 65 is considered to be a premature death.65岁以前的死亡被认为是过早死亡。
The firm I wanted to use had prior commitments.我选择的那家公司有优先承诺。
The Constitution requires the president to seek the prior approval of Congress for military action.宪法要求总统寻求国会对军事行动的事先批准。
He claimed he had no prior knowledge of the protest.他声称他事先对那次抗议一无所知。


Sheer material is very thin, light, and delicate. 极轻薄的
A sheer cliff or drop is extremely steep or completely vertical. 陡峭的; 完全垂直的
You can use sheer to emphasize that a state or situation is complete and does not involve or is not mixed with anything else. 纯粹的
sheer |英 [ʃɪə]  美 [ʃɪr]| adj. 绝对的；透明的；峻峭的；纯粹的/adv. 完全；陡峭地/vi. 偏航/vt. 使偏航；使急转向/n. 偏航；透明薄织物/
...sheer black tights.…极薄的黑色紧身衣。
There was a sheer drop just outside my window.就在我的窗外有一个陡坡。
Sheer chance quite often plays an important part in sparking off an idea.纯粹的运气常常在激发思想方面起着重要的作用。
His music is sheer delight.他的音乐是纯粹的快乐。


If you say that something has changed or that it has affected you beyond measure, you are emphasizing that it has done this to a great extent. 极度
In music, a measure is one of the several short parts of the same length into which a piece of music is divided. (音乐的) 小节
A measure of a strong alcoholic drink such as brandy or whisky is an amount of it in a glass. In bars, a measure is an official standard amount. (标准量的) 一杯
When someone, usually a government or other authority, takes measures to do something, they carry out particular actions in order to achieve a particular result. 措施
If you say that one aspect of a situation is a measure of that situation, you mean that it shows that the situation is very serious or has developed to a very great extent. (严重程度的) 标准
A measure of a particular quality, feeling, or activity is a fairly large amount of it. 一定数量; 一定程度
If something measures a particular length, width, or amount, that is its size or intensity, expressed in numbers. (长度、宽度、数量的) 数值为
If you measure a quantity that can be expressed in numbers, such as the length of something, you discover it using a particular instrument or device, for example a ruler. 测量
If you measure the quality, value, or effect of something, you discover or judge how great it is. 估量
measure |英 ['meʒə]  美 ['mɛʒɚ]| n. 测量；措施；程度；尺寸/vt. 测量；估量；权衡/vi. 测量；估量/
Mankind's knowledge of the universe has increased beyond measure.人类关于宇宙的知识已经极大增加。
Malcolm wanted to mix the beginning of a sonata, then add Beethoven for a few measures, then go back to Bach.马尔科姆想要在开头部分加入一段奏鸣曲，然后加上几个小节的贝多芬作品，然后再回到巴赫的作品。
He poured himself another generous measure of whisky.他又给自己慷慨地倒了一杯威士忌。
The government warned that police would take tougher measures to contain the trouble.政府警告说警察将采取更为强硬的措施来制止这场动乱。
That is a measure of how bad things have become at the bank.那就是银行的局面已经糟糕到何种程度的衡量标准。
With the exception of Juan, each attained a measure of success.除了胡安，每个人都取得了一定的成功。
It measures 20 yards from side to side.从这边到那边的距离为20码。
Measure the length and width of the gap.测量一下这个裂口的长度和宽度。
I continued to measure his progress against the charts in the doctor's office.我继续根据医生办公室里的图表来估量他的进展。


An engaging person or thing is pleasant, interesting, and entertaining. 迷人的
engaging |英 [ɪn'geɪdʒɪŋ; en-]  美 [ɪn'ɡedʒɪŋ]| adj. 迷人的/v. 参加（engage的ing形式）；保证；雇用/
...one of her most engaging and least known novels.…她最迷人却最鲜为人知的小说之一。


If you describe someone as a convert to something, you mean that they have recently become very enthusiastic about it. 热衷…的人
A convert is someone who has changed their religious or political beliefs. 改变信仰的人
If someone converts you, they persuade you to change your religious or political beliefs. You can also say that someone converts to a different religion. 改变信仰
If you convert a quantity from one system of measurement to another, you calculate what the quantity is in the second system. 换算
If you convert a vehicle or piece of equipment, you change it so that it can use a different fuel. 改装
If someone converts a room or building, they alter it in order to use it for a different purpose. 改建
If one thing is converted or converts into another, it is changed into a different form. 转变
convert |英 [kən'vɜːt]  美 [kən'vɝt]| vt. 使转变；转换…；使…改变信仰/vi. 转变，变换；皈依；改变信仰/n. 皈依者；改变宗教信仰者/n. (Convert)人名；(法)孔韦尔/
As recent converts to vegetarianism and animal rights, they now live with a menagerie of stray animals.作为最近开始热衷素食主义和动物权利保护的人们，他们现在和一群流浪动物生活在一起。
She, too, was a convert to Roman Catholicism.她也改信罗马天主教了。
He was a major influence in converting Godwin to political radicalism.戈德温主要在他的影响下信仰了政治激进主义。
If you try to convert him, you could find he just walks away.如果你想让他改变信仰，他会扭头就走。
Converting metric measurements to U.S. equivalents is easy.把公制度量衡换算成美制度量衡很容易。
Save money by converting your car to run on used vegetable oil.通过改装你的汽车使其燃烧用过的植物油来省钱。
...the entrepreneur who wants to convert County Hall into a hotel.…想把县政大厅改建成旅馆的企业家。
By converting the attic, they were able to have two extra bedrooms.通过改建阁楼，他们又多出了两间卧室。
...naturally occurring substances which the body can convert into vitamins.…可以在身体内转化成维生素的天然物质。
The signal will be converted into digital code.信号将被转变成数字编码。


You can describe someone or something as tremendous when you think they are very good or very impressive. 极好的; 精彩的
tremendously 非常地; 极大地
You use tremendous to emphasize how strong a feeling or quality is, or how large an amount is. 非常的; 巨大的
tremendous |英 [trɪ'mendəs]  美 [trə'mɛndəs]| adj. 极大的，巨大的；惊人的；极好的/
I thought it was absolutely tremendous.我觉得它绝对精彩。
I thought they played tremendously well, didn't you?我认为他们表演得非常好，你不觉得吗？
I felt a tremendous pressure on my chest.我感到胸口有股巨大的压力。


A bunch of keys is a set of keys kept together on a metal ring. 串
A bunch of bananas or grapes is a group of them growing on the same stem. 串
A bunch of flowers is a number of flowers with their stalks held or tied together. 束
A bunch of people is a group of people who share one or more characteristics or who are doing something together. 伙
bunch |英 [bʌn(t)ʃ]  美 [bʌntʃ]| n. 群；串；突出物/vi. 隆起；打褶；形成一串/vt. 使成一串；使打褶/n. (Bunch)人名；(英)邦奇/
George took out a bunch of keys and went to work on the complicated lock.乔治掏出一串钥匙，去设法开这把复杂的锁。
Lili had fallen asleep clutching a fat bunch of grapes.莉莉手里抓着一大串葡萄睡着了。
He had left a huge bunch of flowers in her hotel room.他在她的宾馆房间里留了一大束花。
We were a pretty inexperienced bunch of people really.我们实际上是一群相当没有经验的人。
My neighbours are a bunch of busybodies.我的邻居们都是一伙爱管闲事的人。


Pictorial means using or relating to pictures. 图示的; 与图片有关的
pictorial |英 [pɪk'tɔːrɪəl]  美 [pɪk'tɔrɪəl]| adj. 绘画的；形象化的/n. 画报；画刊/
...a pictorial history of the Jewish people.…一部犹太民族的图解历史。


If you enlist the help of someone, you persuade them to help or support you in doing something. 赢得
If someone enlists or is enlisted, they join the army, navy, marines, or air force. 使入伍; 入伍
enlist |英 [ɪn'lɪst; en-]  美 [ɪn'lɪst]| vi. 支持；从军；应募；赞助/vt. 使入伍；征募；谋取…的赞助或帮助/
I had to cut down a tree and enlist the help of seven neighbours to get it out of the garden!我不得不砍了一棵树，然后找了7位邻居帮忙把它从院子里弄出去。
He enlisted as a private in the Mexican War.他以列兵身份参加了墨西哥战争。
He enlisted in the 82nd Airborne 20 years ago.他20年前加入了第82空降师。


If you say that someone knows their stuff, you mean that they are good at doing something because they know a lot about it. 懂行
If a dead animal is stuffed, it is filled with a substance so that it can be preserved and displayed. 把…制成标本
If you stuff a bird such as a chicken or a vegetable such as a pepper, you put a mixture of food inside it before cooking it. 把填料塞入 (鸡或辣椒等)
If you stuff yourself, you eat a lot of food. 使吃饱
If you stuff a container or space with something, you fill it with something or with a quantity of things until it is full. 把…装满
If you stuff something somewhere, you push it there quickly and roughly. 把…塞进
You can use stuff to refer to things such as a substance, a collection of things, events, or ideas, or the contents of something in a general way without mentioning the thing itself by name. 东西
stuff |英 [stʌf]  美 [stʌf]| n. 东西；材料；填充物；素材资料/vt. 塞满；填塞；让吃饱/vi. 吃得过多/
These guys know their stuff after seven years of war.这些家伙在7年的战争之后便懂行了。
...his collections of stamps and books and stuffed birds.…他的邮票、书和标本鸟的收藏品。
Will you stuff the turkey and shove it in the oven for me?你能帮我把填料塞进火鸡里，然后把它放进烤箱吗？
I could stuff myself with ten chocolate bars and half an hour later eat a big meal.我可以给自己塞下10块巧克力，并在半小时后再大吃一顿。
He grabbed my purse, opened it and stuffed it full, then gave it back to me.他抢走我的钱包，打开并把它装得满满的，然后还给了我。
I stuffed my hands in my pockets.我把双手塞进了我的口袋里。
He pointed to a duffle bag. "That's my stuff."他指着一个旅行袋。“那是我的东西。”
I'd like some coffee, and I don't object to the powdered stuff if it's all you've got.我想要点咖啡，如果你们只有粉状的东西，我也不反对。


 "Look around if you like. There's no evidence against me. It's all just rumor," he told a visitor.  “你可以四处看看。这里绝对没有什么对我不利的证据。那些只是谣言”。他告诉一位到访者。
 Although that rumor has mostly died out, I still think of it as a challenge.  尽管这个谣传基本上已经消失，我仍然认为它是一个挑战。
 In fact the rumor is without foundation.  事实上，这个谣传没有根据。
rumor |英 [ˈruːmə]  美 ['rʊmɚ]| n. 谣言；传闻/vt. 谣传；传说/n. (Rumor)人名；(意、葡)鲁莫尔/



If something acts as a trigger for another thing such as an illness, event, or situation, the first thing causes the second thing to begin to happen or exist. 引发…的原因
Trigger off means the same as . 引起
If something triggers an event or situation, it causes it to begin to happen or exist. 引起
To trigger a bomb or system means to cause it to work. 引爆; 触发
The trigger of a bomb is the device which causes it to explode. (炸弹的) 引爆装置
The trigger of a gun is a small lever which you pull to fire it. 扳机
trigger |英 ['trɪgə]  美 ['trɪɡɚ]| vt. 引发，引起；触发/vi. 松开扳柄/n. 扳机；[电子] 触发器；制滑机/n. (Trigger)人名；(英)特里杰/
Stress may act as a trigger for these illnesses.压力也许是引发这些疾病的一个原因。
It is still not clear what events triggered off the demonstrations.还不清楚是什么事件引发了示威。
...the incident which triggered the outbreak of the First World War.…引起第一次世界大战爆发的事件。
The thieves must have deliberately triggered the alarm and hidden inside the house.那些小偷一定是故意触发了报警器，然后藏在屋子里。
...trigger devices for nuclear weapons.…核武器的引爆装置。
A man pointed a gun at them and pulled the trigger.一个男人用枪指着他们，扣动了扳机。


An agency is a government organization responsible for a certain area of administration. 地区政府
An agency is a business that provides a service on behalf of other businesses. 代理公司
agency |英 ['eɪdʒ(ə)nsɪ]  美 ['edʒənsi]| n. 代理，中介；代理处，经销处/
She is calling for a collaboration of local, state and federal agencies to deal with the problem.她在呼吁地方、州和联邦等各级政府通力合作来处理这个问题。
We had to hire maids through an agency.我们得通过代理公司雇用女佣。


Something that is packed with things contains a very large number of them. 充满的
A place that is packed is very crowded. 拥挤的
packed |英 [pækt]  美 [pækt]| adj. （常用来构成复合词）充满…的，塞满了…的/v. [包装] 包装（pack的过去分词）/
The encyclopedia is packed with clear illustrations and over 250 recipes.这本百科全书充满了清晰的插图，还有二百五十多个食谱。
...a packed meeting in Detroit.…一个在底特律召开的座无虚席的会议。
The place is packed at lunchtime.这个地方在午餐时间非常拥挤。


If you resign yourself to an unpleasant situation or fact, you accept it because you realize that you cannot change it. 使屈从
If you resign from a job or position, you formally announce that you are leaving it. 辞职
resign |英 [rɪ'zaɪn]  美 [rɪ'zaɪn]| vt. 辞职；放弃；委托；使听从/vi. 辞职/n. 辞去职务/
Pat and I resigned ourselves to yet another summer without a boat.帕特和我将就着又过了一个没有船的夏天。
Mr Robb resigned his position last month.罗布先生上个月辞去了他的职位。
A hospital administrator has resigned over claims he lied to get the job.一位医院主管因为有人声称他的职位是骗来的而辞职了。


A guarantee is money or something valuable that you give to someone to show that you will do what you have promised. 担保物
If a company guarantees its product or work, they provide a guarantee for it. 担保
A guarantee is a written promise by a company to replace or repair a product free of charge if it has any faults within a particular time. 保修单
Guarantee is also a noun. 保证
If you guarantee something, you promise that it will definitely happen, or that you will do or provide it for someone. 保证…必定发生; 保证…做某事或提供某物
Something that is a guarantee of something else makes it certain that it will happen or that it is true. 保证
If one thing guarantees another, the first is certain to cause the second thing to happen. 确保
guarantee |英 [gær(ə)n'tiː]  美 [,ɡærən'ti]| n. 保证；担保；保证人；保证书；抵押品/vt. 保证；担保/
Males between 18 and 20 had to leave a deposit as a guarantee of returning to do their military service.18岁至20岁的男性必须留下押金作为回来服兵役的担保。
All Dreamland's electric blankets are guaranteed for three years.所有“梦乡”牌的电热毯都保质3年。
Some builders guarantee their work.一些建筑商为他们的工作担保。
Whatever a guarantee says, when something goes wrong, you can still claim your rights from the shop.不管保修单上怎么说，当产品出现故障时，你仍然可以去商店维护自身的权益。
The editors can give no guarantee that they will fulfil their obligations.这些编辑不能保证他们将履行职责。
We guarantee that you will find a community with which to socialize.我们保证你将找到一个可以社交的团体。
Most states guarantee the right to free and adequate education.大多数州都保证免费和适当教育的权利。
A famous old name on a firm is not necessarily a guarantee of quality.公司的老字号并不一定能保证质量。
Surplus resources alone do not guarantee growth.仅有富足的资源并不能确保发展。


The coordinates of a point on a map or graph are the two sets of numbers or letters that you need in order to find that point. 坐标
If you coordinate clothes or furnishings that are used together, or if they coordinate, they are similar in some way and look nice together. 搭配 (衣服、饰品)
If you coordinate the different parts of your body, you make them work together efficiently to perform particular movements. 使 (身体各部位) 协调
coordinated 协调的
If you coordinate an activity, you organize the various people and things involved in it. 协调
coordinate |英 [kəʊ'ɔ:dɪneɪt]  美 [ko'ɔrdɪnet]| n. 坐标；同等的人或物/adj. 并列的；同等的/vt. 调整；整合/vi. 协调/
Can you give me your coordinates?能给我你的坐标吗？
Tie it with fabric bows that coordinate with other furnishings.扎上和其他的饰品相配的布制蝴蝶结。
She'll show you how to coordinate pattern and colours.她会向你展示如何搭配款式和颜色。
You need to coordinate legs, arms, and breathing for the front crawl.匍匐前进时，你要协调双腿、胳膊和呼吸。
...a well-coordinated surprise attack.…一次完美配合的突袭。
Coalition forces were planning a coordinated effort to attack the drug trade.联合部队正在计划共同打击毒品买卖。
Government officials visited the earthquake zone on Thursday morning to coordinate the relief effort.政府官员星期四上午视察了地震灾区以协调救灾工作。


The terminology of a subject is the set of special words and expressions used in connection with it. 术语
terminology |英 [,tɜːmɪ'nɒlədʒɪ]  美 [,tɝmə'nɑlədʒi]| n. 术语，术语学；用辞/
...gastritis, which in medical terminology means an inflammation of the stomach.…胃炎这个词在医学术语里的意思是胃部发炎。


If you inaugurate a new system or service, you start it. 开创
inauguration 就职典礼; 落成典礼
When a new building or institution is inaugurated, it is declared open in a formal ceremony. 为…举行开幕式; 为…举行落成典礼
inauguration 就职典礼
When a new leader is inaugurated, they are formally given their new position at an official ceremony. 使正式就任
inaugurate |英 [ɪ'nɔːgjʊreɪt]  美 [ɪ'nɔɡjəret]| vt. 创新；开辟；开创；举行开幕典礼；举行就职典礼/
Pan Am inaugurated the first scheduled international flight.泛美航空开创了第一个定期的国际航班。
They later attended the inauguration of the University.他们后来参加了该大学的成立典礼。
A Mafia Museum was inaugurated in Corleone.一座黑手党博物馆在科莱奥内举行落成典礼。
...the inauguration of the new Governor.…新任州长的就职典礼。
The new president will be inaugurated on January 20th.新总统将在1月20日正式就任。


A composer is a person who writes music, especially classical music. (尤指古典音乐) 作曲家
composer |英 [kəm'pəʊzə]  美 [kəm'pozɚ]| n. 作曲家；作家，著作者；设计者/
...music by Strauss, Mozart, Beethoven, and other great composers.…施特劳斯、莫扎特、贝多芬及其他伟大作曲家创作的音乐。


If two people or groups trade something such as blows, insults, or jokes, they hit each other, insult each other, or tell each other jokes. 对打; 互骂; 互开玩笑
If you trade places with someone or if the two of you trade places, you move into the other person's position or situation, and they move into yours. 交换 (位置)
Trade is also a noun. 交易
If someone trades one thing for another or if two people trade things, they agree to exchange one thing for the other thing. 互相交换
Someone's trade is the kind of work that they do, especially when they have been trained to do it over a period of time. 职业; 手艺
A trade is a particular area of business or industry. 生意; 行业
trading 交易
When people, companies, or countries trade, they buy, sell, or exchange goods or services between themselves. 做生意
Trade is the activity of buying, selling, or exchanging goods or services between people, companies, or countries. 贸易; 买卖
trade |英 [treɪd]  美 [tred]| n. 贸易，交易；行业；职业/vi. 交易，买卖；以物易物/vt. 用…进行交换/
Children would settle disputes by trading punches or insults in the schoolyard.孩子们通过在校园里打架或对骂来解决争端。
Mike asked George to trade places with him so he could ride with Tomas.迈克请乔治跟他交换位置，这样他就能和托马斯同车了。
I am willing to make a trade with you.我愿意和你做个交易。
Kids used to trade baseball cards.孩子们过去常互相交换棒球卡片。
They traded land for goods and money.他们用土地来换取商品和金钱。
Alicia was a jeweler by trade.艾丽西亚是个珠宝商。
He learned his trade as a diver in the North Sea.他在北海当上了潜水员。
They've ruined the tourist trade for the next few years.他们已经毁掉了以后几年的旅游生意。
Trading on the stock exchange may be suspended.股票交易可能被暂停。
They had years of experience of trading with the West.他们有数年与西方做生意的经验。
They may refuse to trade, even when offered attractive prices.他们有可能拒绝做生意，即便是报价很有吸引力。
...negotiations on a new international trade agreement.…关于一个新的国际贸易协定的谈判。
Texas has a long history of trade with Mexico.得克萨斯与墨西哥有着悠久的贸易史。


To empower someone means to give them the means to achieve something, for example, to become stronger or more successful. 使能够
If someone is empowered to do something, they have the authority or power to do it. 授权
empower |英 [ɪm'paʊə; em-]  美 [ɪm'paʊɚ]| vt. 授权，允许；使能够/
You must delegate effectively and empower people to carry out their roles with your full support.你们必须有效地下放权力，使人们能够在你们的全力支持下履行他们的职责。
The army is now empowered to operate on a shoot-to-kill basis.军队现在被授权依据“杀无赦”原则行动。


Something that is injurious to someone or to their health or reputation is harmful or damaging to them. 有害的
injurious |英 [ɪn'dʒʊərɪəs]  美 [ɪn'dʒʊrərɪəs]| adj. 有害的；诽谤的/
...substances that are injurious to health....有害健康的物质。


If you confine yourself or your activities to something, you do only that thing and are involved with nothing else. 将 (自己或自己的活动) 局限于
If you confine somebody or something, you prevent them from leaving or escaping. 监禁
To confine something to a particular place or group means to prevent it from spreading beyond that place or group. 将 (某事物) 控制 (在某地范围内)
confine |英 [kən'faɪn]  美 [kən'faɪn]| n. 界限，边界;约束；限制/vt. 限制；禁闭/
He did not confine himself to the one language.他没把自己局限于这一门语言。
They decided not to let their new dog run loose, confining it to a fenced enclosure during the day.他们决定不让他们的新狗乱跑，白天把它关在有围栏的围圈里。
He was confined in an internment camp in Utah.他被监禁在犹他州的一个拘留营里。
Health officials have successfully confined the epidemic to the Tabatinga area.卫生官员们已经成功地将该传染病控制在塔巴廷加地区。


A faction is an organized group of people within a larger group, which opposes some of the ideas of the larger group and fights for its own ideas. 派系
faction |英 ['fækʃ(ə)n]  美 ['fækʃən]| n. 派别；内讧；小集团；纪实小说/
A peace agreement will be signed by the leaders of the country's warring factions.一项和平协议将由该国交战各派领导们签署。


If a member of a particular religion lapses, they stop believing in it or stop following its rules and practices. 放弃 (宗教信仰)
If a situation or legal contract lapses, it is allowed to end rather than being continued, renewed, or extended. 终止
If a period of time lapses, it passes. 流逝
A lapse of time is a period that is long enough for a situation to change or for people to have a different opinion about it. (时间的) 间隔
Lapse is also a noun. 开始说; 开始做
If someone lapses into a particular way of speaking, or behaving, they start speaking or behaving in that way, usually for a short period. 开始 (以某种方式) 说话; 开始行事
If you lapse into a quiet or inactive state, you stop talking or being active. 陷入 (某种静止状态)
A lapse of something such as concentration or judgment is a temporary lack of that thing, which can often cause you to make a mistake. (一时的) 走神; 判断错误
A lapse is a moment or instance of bad behaviour by someone who usually behaves well. (一时的) 行为失检
lapse |英 [læps]  美 [læps]| n. (一时的) 走神，判断错误/
I lapsed in my 20s, returned to it, then lapsed again, while writing the life of historical Jesus.我20来岁就放弃信教，后来又信了。到后来在写历史上的耶稣生平时又放弃了信教。
The terms of the treaty lapsed in 1987.协定的条款在1987年就终止了。
New products and production processes are transferred to the developing countries only after a substantial amount of time has lapsed.只有经过很长时间以后，新产品和新生产流程才转移到发展中国家。
...the restoration of diplomatic relations after a lapse of 24 years.…间隔24年后外交关系的恢复。
Her lapse into German didn't seem peculiar. After all, it was her native tongue.她开始说德语并不奇怪，毕竟那是她的母语。
She lapsed into a little girl voice to deliver a nursery rhyme.她用小女孩的声音唱起了一首童谣。
She muttered something unintelligible and lapsed into silence.她咕哝了几句难以理解的话，然后就陷入了沉默。
He was a genius and because of it you could accept lapses of taste.他是一个天才，因此他偶失得体，人们也可以接受。
I had a little lapse of concentration in the middle of the race.我在比赛中走了一下神。
On Friday he showed neither decency nor dignity. It was an uncommon lapse.星期五他既不庄重也不体面。这可是他少有的失礼。


If a particular event or situation is enacted, it happens; used especially to talk about something that has happened before. 发生 (尤指过去已发生的事件或情况)
If people enact a story or play, they perform it by acting. 表演.
When a government or authority enacts a proposal, they make it into a law. 通过
enact |英 [ɪ'nækt; e-]  美 [ɪ'nækt]| vt. 颁布；制定法律；扮演；发生/
It was a scene enacted month after month for eight years.这是8年来月复一月出现的场景。
She often enacted the stories told to her by her father.她经常把父亲讲给她的故事表演出来。
The authorities have failed so far to enact a law allowing unrestricted emigration.当局到目前为止还未能通过一项允许自由移民出境的法律。

